# DevNet
DevNet Version 2
Objective: Enable Applications to Drive Network Services  Background: Verizon’s Enterprise customers need to become increasingly agile. As their applications are rapidly changing, their network resources must shift just as quickly. DevOps teams are built to break down the human barrier between applications and operations. DevOps tools and solutions are offered to enable those teams to succeed.    Solution: Verizon DevNet: The connection between the application DevOps tools and network services. A network that dynamically reacts to application demands instantly (without learning how networking functions).   DevNet enables application deployment to drive network services seamlessly and without human interaction or delays putting the control of application deployment back on the Developers or DevOps team.   Story: In the drive to stay competitve, enterprises are forced to constantly enhance their applications and services at a rapid pace. They moved to a more Agile development methodology to increase speed while maintaining quality of the application.   While in the past new applications were deployed at a rate which allowed manual network configuration and re-configuration to keep up, with the new Agile methods, continuous delivery and continuous deployment, network configuration has lagged behind slowing down the agility promised by DevOps.   To fully enable this rapid enhancement to applications, network monitoring and policy requirements need to be associated directly with the applications themselves and not applied as an afterthought. This is a ‘shift-left’ of network configuration into the application development cycle. Once the requirements have been bound to the application,  network monitoring and policy changes are no longer required to be managed manually. They can be automated in the DevOps pipeline just like a change to application architecture or code.
